capital = 575
primary_culture = north_german
religion = catholic
government = theocracy
plurality = 0.15
nationalvalue = nv_order
literacy = 0.87
civilized = yes
is_releasable_vassal = no

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = no_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = free_press
trade_unions = all_trade_unions
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = underground_parties

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = low_minimum_wage
work_hours = twelve_hours
safety_regulations = good_safety
health_care = good_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = low_subsidies
pensions = good_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools


# New Reforms
conscription = mandatory_service
debt_law = debtors_prisons
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legal
citizens_rights = culture_voting_only
border_policy = open_borders
centralization = unitary
colonial_policy = no_colonies 

set_country_flag = catholic_country

ruling_party = GER_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 10
	conservative = 60
	reactionary = 30
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}


schools = army_tech_school

post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
military_staff_system = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
clipper_design = 1
naval_design_bureaus = 1
alphabetic_flag_signaling = 1
the_command_principle = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
malthusian_thought = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
introspectionism = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
early_classical_theory_and_critique = 1
freedom_of_trade = 1
guild_based_production = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
mechanical_production = 1
mechanized_mining = 1
basic_chemistry = 1
